 Uli's World 2.5.1What's this garbage??Uli's World is a replacement for the MacOS 8 System WDEF (ID 64). It replaces the window frames with the good old System 7 look which takes up much less space than the new 'thick border' Apple Greyscale appearance.It is based upon my old Uli's World WDEF which did quite the opposite: Implement a 'thick border' Copland-ish WDEF for System 7.You lose nothing:Even though the Uli's World WDEF sports a look that is very similar to the windows in MacOS 7.5 and lower, it supports all of MacOS 8's new features like horizontal and vertical zoom boxes and a collapse box. I tried to make it behave exactly like the original. Note that Uli's World only changes the windows for documents, but neither dialogs nor alert windows nor utility palettes (aka floating windows).If you paste an Uli's New World WDEF (the 68k or PPC version, depending on the type of Mac you're using) into a copy of your 'Appearance Extension' and you then put this copy into your extensions folder instead of the original one, you should see the good old System 7 windows instead of the large grey ones.Variation codes and Variants:Uli's World comes in three flavours: System 7 Window, System 7 Window with thick borders (looks a bit like the movable dialogs in System 7), and Small system 7 Window with Geneva 9 as text font for the title.Source CodeThe source code for Uli's World is included as well, so Macintosh developers can use it to generate their own MacOS 8-savvy WDEFs (without support for themes, that is). The new source is much tidier than the source of the old Uli's World WDEFs and includes loads of constants and readymade code that will be of use in any WDEF.What do You have to pay?Nothing! Just send me a postcard (or at least an e-mail) so I know people appreciate what I'm doing here (or that they don't). Sometimes I just feel so left alone because only few of you ever respond to me. So, this little e-mail message or postcard might be the one that'll keep the lights on late at night...Distribution:If you want to distribute this package, you may do so as long as you do not charge any money for it (apart from the price of the disk or other medium it resides on and you include all files (including this readme file) in an unmodified state. It may be uploaded to BBSs and online services which do not charge more than regular connect fees for downloads.If you want to distribute modified copies, you must make clear that this is a modified version and M. Uli Kusterer is not responsible for any maintenance or support and you may not remove any of the markings from the files.If you want to include this package in any compilation or ship it with a commercial or shareware application (extension, etc...), you must contact the author to obtain a license. If you include it in a FreeWare or-in-house application (extension, etc...) you have to mention "Uli's New World WDEF © copyright 1998 by M. Uli Kusterer, all rights reserved." In your about scren or somewhere else visible to the user. For extensions that are shipped w/o any control panel the readme file is a good place.Disclaimers are what I hate most:Uli's New World is © copyright 1998 by M. Uli Kusterer, all rights reserved. This WDEF is FreeWare, but all rights remain with their author. Any commercial use must be licensed and acknowledged by the author. Furthermore, this product and the source is provided ‘as is’, neither the author (M. Uli Kusterer) nor any other person connected to the development of this program may be held responsible for any damage caused by the use of this product. Use at your own risk.Thanx to:Tom Reahard - He provided the fungicide for the bug in CheckColor.Gregory Lemperle-Kerr - He provided some Code for the CodeWarrior move.Troy Gaul - Her Infinity Windoid code was a great source for information.Apple "MacOS 8 Toolbox Ref" team - If you ever describe anything as bad as you did with the feature request code, I'll shoot you! <g>Close Encounters of whatever kind...Internet:witness@webLayout.com